1. Jobs in the automation ERA:
	Gather around a table with your friends/family and ask them about automation
and how will that affect their jobs. I ensure you that after a solid thinking
process, most of them will fear about their job being replaced in the future.
My name is Petruc Rares, and i am a second year student at University POLITEHNICA of Bucharest,
highly interested in automation and in not only solving problems, but doing it smart.
This presentation will be no longer than 5 to 7 minutes and i hope you will understand
why you should not fear about losing your job due to automation.

2. Okay, this probably seems to look like an ad spread by toxic media, or by
conservative people. 85 million jobs lost because of automation? it seems outrageous.

But, what media won't tell you is the following:

3. The final objective of the task you have will probably be the same as before,
but the way you carry it out will be different. Not only we won't have jobs
available on the market anymore, but we will have around 12 million in addition
to those lost.

Now, you will probably say: "Wait, but i do not want to do something different.
I am okay with my job".
Yes, you are, probably because you earn enough money to support yourself and
your family, but don't you feel like you can have a more serious touch on
peoples' lives?

What do you think about trading a percentage of your lifetime earning
for greater meaning at work?

4. More than 9 out of 10 employees would agree with such a serious trade-off
in order to deliver more meaningful work. Here is where automation comes in our
help.

5. It might not be something unfamiliar to those of you who have a technical
background, but the following quote says it all. All of us get bored, or simply
tired of some repetitive tasks we have to realise in our daily lives, not just at
work, when we could focus on more challenging and more rewarding activities.

6. Take the example of a receptionist in a hotel. At the same time, she or he
has to answer some different types of phone calls, confirm bookings, greet
people, ensure regulations are respected and much more. So easily, it all
becomes a complete nightmare.

7. But, with the help of automation, the repetitive tasks will be
removed. And this determines a better implication of the receptionist in providing
the best customers' experience. Note that the human interaction is preserved where
necessary or favorable. Not only this, but an application now taking over the task
of room service, that can be on a tablet staying on the bedside in a 
customer's room needs to be maintained by technical people, which results in new jobs,
or simply updated with new types of food or drinks and this can be a process which
involves, both the technical people and the receptionist, who know has the time to
search for other boosting the hotel's guests' experience techniques.
This example can be generalised to other jobs as well.

So the objective of the automation is not to take all the tasks of a human being,
but those who require effort, that could be directed to more important stuff.

Don't fear! Thank you!